[Music]
hello this is mk
today's comedy movie is about a teenage
girl lied about her dating
and rumor spread out wildly at her
school
the film opens with olive pendergast
talking into a webcam about how her
little white lie ballooned into an
uncontrollable monster
she says she will explain her side the
true side of what occurred
she says that she was a nobody that no
one noticed outside her best friend
rhiannon
rhiannon wants to go camping with olive
but olive lies and says she is going on
a date
in reality she just hangs around the
house all weekend singing pocketful of
sunshine by natasha v
the following monday pressed by rhiannon
olive lies about losing her virginity to
a college guy
marianne an overly enthusiastic
christian
overhears her telling the lie and soon
it spreads like wildfire
the school has a conservative teen
church group run by marianne who decides
that olive will be their next project
the group's harassment disguised as
concern comes to head at an english
class run by mr griffith
the class happens to be reading the
scarlet letter a novel about adultery
and shame
when one of the girls from the church
group makes a side comment at olive
olive shoots back one of her own this
gets her sent to the principal's office
and olive is given detention
it is there she sees her classmate
brandon walking out of the office with a
bloodied nose
later at home olive is with her parents
and her adopted brother
her mother rosemary and father dill are
very liberal and supportive of their
daughter and her
choices brandon comes over later and
propositions olive
she'll pretend to sleep with him and
make him appear straight
when in reality everyone knows he's gay
she agrees and they pretend to have sex
at a public party
afterwards she bumps into an old crush
todd whom she almost kissed years ago
but instead lied about it when he said
he wasn't ready
now after apparently sleeping with two
guys and the harassment starting to get
to her
olive decides to go with the flow she
begins to wear more provocative clothing
and stitches eretta to everything she
wears
boys begin to give her gift cards and
money to say they've done sexual things
with her to increase their own
popularity
which only increases her rep
however things begin to go downhill
quickly
rhiannon partly jealous of the attention
olive is getting
joins the church group for protesting
her olive is able to reconcile with
marianne but it is destroyed when
marianne's boyfriend micah gets an
std and says olive gave it to him
[Music]
olive sees mrs griffith who is crying
and confesses that she is the one who
slept with micah
olive promises to take the blame to save
mrs griffith's job and marriage
olive becomes disillusioned with the
fact that though everyone thinks she is
sleeping around
no one will take the chance to actually
date her
this changes when anson comes up to her
and asks her out
the date goes sour when olive sees
rhiannon at the restaurant and remembers
that she has
a crush on anson olive tries to recover
and anson attempts to pay her off
so she asks what they'll say happened
but anson thinks he will actually get
sex and tries to force himself on her
she resists and he drives off todd
who works at the restaurant sees her and
offers to drive her home
todd tells her that he doesn't believe
the rumor mill and thinks she's actually
great
he remembers how cool she was about not
kissing him years ago
and wishes she actually was his first
kiss her friend rhiannon was and he says
she was terrible
olive is touched but says she can't be
with him until she sorts out her life
olive proceeds to go to the boys that
propositioned her and tells them to fess
up but most deny it
or in the case of brandon who comes out
to his parents
leave town all together when she goes to
mrs griffith to make her come clean
she refuses to and uses her authority as
an adult to make it clear olive won't be
believed over her
olive runs to mr griffith and tells the
truth but immediately regrets how she
did it
realizing she just ruined a marriage to
get everything finally in the open
she does a song and dance number at a
pep rally and pretends that she will be
doing a sex show by a webcam with todd
actually as the whole movie has been an
extended flashback
she confesses what she has done she also
makes up with rhiannon
apologizing for lying when she is
finishing up
todd comes by riding a lawnmower and
tells her to come out
she closes her webcam confession saying
she really likes todd
and maybe she will lose her virginity to
him in the future
but at the end of the day it is no one's
business but her own
she leaves the house to kiss him and
they ride off from the neighborhood on
the lawnmower
a joke olive made earlier on in the
piece where she says
whatever happened to chivalry does it
only exist in 80s movies
i want john cusack holding a boom box
outside my window
i want to ride off on a lawnmower with
patrick dempsey